People are always asking me if I know Tyler Durden.
When you have insomnia, you're never really asleep... and you're never really awake.
We are defined by the choices we make.
If you wake up at a different time, in a different place, could you wake up as a different person?
You wake up at Seatac, SFO, LAX. You wake up at O'Hare, Dallas-Fort Worth, BWI. Pacific, mountain, central. Lose an hour, gain an hour. This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.
On a long enough time line, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero.
Without pain, without sacrifice, we would have nothing.
'''The first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club. The second rule of Fight Club is: ''you do'' not ''talk about Fight Club.''''' Third rule of Fight Club: someone yells stop, goes limp, taps out, the fight is over. Fourth rule: only two guys to a fight. Fifth rule: one fight at a time, fellas. Sixth rule: no shirts, no shoes. Seventh rule: fights will go on as long as they have to. And the eighth and final rule: if this is your first night at Fight Club, you ''have'' to fight.
Self-improvement is masturbation, now self-destruction..
Man, I see in Fight Club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived. I see all this potential, and I see it squandered. God damn it, an entire generation pumping gas, waiting tables slaves with white collars. Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need. We're the middle children of history, man. No purpose or place. We have no Great War. No Great Depression. Our great war is a spiritual war. Our great depression is our lives. We've all been raised on television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires, and movie gods, and rock stars, but we won't. We're slowly learning that fact. And we're very, very pissed off.
In the world I see you're stalking elk through the damp canyon forests around the ruins of Rockefeller Center. You will wear leather clothes that last you the rest of your life. You will climb the wrist thick kudzu vines that wrap the Sears Tower. You will see tiny figures pounding corn and laying strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of an abandoned superhighway.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
You are not your job. You're not how much money you have in the bank. You're not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet. You're not your fucking khakis. You're the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the world.
The people you are after, are the people you depend on- We cook your meals, we hurl your trash, we connect your calls, we drive your Ambulances, we guard you while you sleep - do not fuck with us.
The things you own, end up owning you.
You have to consider the possibility that God does not like you.
My God, I haven't been fucked like that since grade school.
Here comes an avalanche of bullshit
All the ways you wish you could be, that's me. I look like you wanna look, I fuck like you wanna fuck, I am smart, capable, and most importantly, I am free in all the ways that you are not.
A condom is the glass slipper for our generation. You slip one on when you meet a stranger. You dance all night, and then you throw it away.
All right, if the applicant is young, tell him he's too young. Old, too old. Fat, too fat. If the applicant then waits for three days without food, shelter, or encouragement he may then enter and begin his training.
God Damn! We just had a near-life experience, fellas.
Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken.
If I did have a tumor, I'd name it Marla.
I ran. I ran until my muscles burned and my veins pumped battery acid. Then I ran some more.
I want bowel cancer.
We're consumers. We are by-products of a lifestyle obsession. Murder, crime, poverty, these things don't concern me. What concerns me are celebrity magazines, television with 500 channels, some guy's name on my underwear. Rogaine, Viagra, Olestra.
We were selling rich women their own fat asses back to them
Marla's philosophy of life is that she might die at any moment. The tragedy, she said, was that she didn't.
We were selling rich women their own fat asses back to them
I got in everyone's hostile little face. Yes, these are bruises from fighting. Yes, I'm comfortable with that. I am enlightened.
